#!/usr/bin/perl

use warnings;
use strict;

use Lingua::Identify::CLD;

my $cld = Lingua::Identify::CLD->new();

if (@ARGV) {
	for my $file (@ARGV) {
		next unless -f $file;

		local $/ = undef;
		open my $fh, "<:utf8", $file or die "Couldn't read $file: $!";
		my $string = <$fh>;
		close $fh;
		my $lang = $cld->identify($string);
		print "$file: $lang\n";
	}
} else {
	local $/ = undef;
	binmode STDIN, ":utf8";
	my $string = <STDIN>;
	my $lang = $cld->identify($string);
	print "STDIN: $lang\n";
}

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

identify-cld - Uses Lingua::Identify::CLD to identify the language of a text.

=head1 SYNOPSYS

      $ identify-cld file1 file2 file3
      file1: ENGLISH
      file2: FRECH
      file3: HINDI

      $ cat file1 | identify-cld
      STDIN: ENGLISH

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A simple frontend to the identify function of C<Lingua::Identify::CLD>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Alberto Simoes, C<< <ambs at cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to
L<http://github.com/ambs/Lingua-Identify-CLD>.  I will be notified,
and then you'll automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I
make changes.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

B<IN MEMORIAM OF JEAN VÉRONIS.>


Chrome team for making the code available.

Jean Véronis for pushing me to do this.

SocialFlow L<http://www.socialflow.com> for simplifiying the
build/install process.

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2011-2013 Alberto Simoes.

This program is distributed under the (Revised) BSD License:
L<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Alberto Simoes's Organization
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


=cut

1; # End of Lingua::Identify::CLD

